A few words about myself.

I have always liked computers and computer games, and It was very interesting to me 
how they work. So I graduated from the university with a degree 
in computer systems and networks. After that I worked in Ukrtlecom as an 
engineer of electronics.
But that job was more looks like a technical support and it was not exactly what I liked.
So I left that company and started to learn programming languages. I think 
that these courses will greatly help me.


(+++)
Firstly, I am very calm and can keep a cool head in very stressful situations
I am a responsible, and like to learn something new. 
if task is very interesting to me, then I even can't notice how time flies by, 
because I just can't tear myself away from interesting and hard tasks.


(----)I hate injustice. If criticism is unfair I can get really angry, I can talk rudeness,
no matter who is in front of me. But it's almost impossible to make me angry. 



(ПРО ОПЫТ)
Since I left Ukrtelecom, I 

The last few years, my brother and I were engaged in our private business
and it was necessary to somehow automate the accounting of goods produced 
and sold, as well as the accounting of salaries. So I created a database with remote 
access to it via the web interface. It helped save us a lot of time.
And since then I was trully interested in 
programming, because 


Now I  with my daughter are writing a web game for our own fun. It's about a pigeon. 
She draws pictures of how it walks, about dangers, and I'm writing an animation.
 It only walks and eats for now, but in our plans to make him avoid 
dangers and so on.


(Про мнение боссов Укртела)
When I left Ukrtelecom, the deputy director and chief engineer did 
not want to let me go at all. Therefore, I think that they would not 
have said anything bad about me



 Почему решил стать ИТ
I have always liked computers and computer games, and It was very interesting to me 
how they work. So I graduated from the university with a degree 
in computer systems and networks. After that I worked in Ukrtlecom as an 
engineer of electronics.
But that job was more looks like a technical support and it was not exactly what I liked.
So I left that company. And some time ago I was faced with the problem of
 automating the calculation of all sorts of bookkeeping for our business. 
Therefore, I created a small database, with the ability to monitor it through 
the web. And 

(Почему я)
I'm interested in the same things that your company does. In programming.
Working with you, I will be groving to, that's why I will try and do my best. 

(ПРО ЗП)
I'm absolutely sure your company offers a fair and reasonable salary & we 
can come to an agreement enyway.


(ПРО ЛИДЕРСТВО)
First of all I do not like to lead, although I had to sometimes. 
I think that for a leader it is important to treat colleagues 
with respect and justly. 
I do not like conflicts at all, but the leader should be able to solve them clearly.
I make sure my team know they can come to me with problems or questions at any time.
And if everyone's working late to meet a deadline I will be there with them.


(Чего ушел)
I wasn't able to fully utilize my skills at my previous job. So I decided that it 
was not the direction I wanted to go in my life. And there was no passion in me.
Roughly speaking, I did not like the previous job. 
But this is only about leaving Ukrtelecom. 
Our family buisness is growing :)



(Чего хочешь к ним)
Main reason why I want to be a part of your company is I'm excited about what your 
company does and your company respected worldwide
A lot of my friends work in your company, but I don’t have enough experience to 
be a specialist like they are, so I decided to take this courses.


(Какие-то вопросы?)
Thank you, but I think you've covered everithing that I'm wantd to ask.


(Планы на будущее)
It's hard to make predictions, but I want to grow with this company. And someday to be 
a great expert in programming, because that's something I\ve always wanted to do


(HOOBIES)
Except programming, I like to watch anime serials, 
play computer games, fishing, hunting, take camping trips. 

(В какаую страну поехать)
 Few years ago I was in Poland in small cities Zambrow and Bytow. There I liked houses
with well-kept courtyards and a lot of plants on the streets.  
But I always wanted to go to Japan, because I like their culture, traditions, as well 
as visit Akihabara (where anime fans spend all kinds of festivals) and look at Mount Fuji




Except programming, I like to watch anime serials, 
play computer games, fishing, hunting, take camping trips. 

 



